### Upcoming:
* The next big thing is coming! It's available under NDA with select accounts right now for testing.
___

### 1.7.1 (Apr 05, 2022)
GUI
 * New "90 days of alerts" mode to see bigger history of alerts per watchpoint.
 * New navigation bar changes. System status and version info is now in the "multi-gear" window.
 * Some minor tweaks to alert configuration.
 * Fixed a bug that would hide alerts "from the future" when there had been no activity on a watchpoint for a while.
 * Some auth changes to reduce confusing behavior when authentication tokens are in-flight and the UI is asking for watchpoint activity.

Backend:
 * Fixed a bug in the scheduler that could prevent jobs from running when some dangling configuration from archived watchpoints was present. The scheduler will try to catch up on jobs if their scheduled time has been missed.
 * New fastcols data path changes that dramatically increases time to results when ingesting 1 billion (and up) values in very short time periods.

### 1.6.7 (Mar 30, 2022)
Slack
 * Slack support is completely revamped with new configuration knobs and roll-ups to summarize both new and active alerts, making the alerts much more useful and compact in Slack.

GUI
 * Run now button for use with built-in connectors.
 * Alert tagging from GUI to provide feedback to the Validator models.
 * Fixed a cohesion rendering issue that sometimes appeared when viewing older data.

Backend:
 * Data flow preidction bug fixes.
 * Fixed a timeout condition that could cause prediction models to run before data had finished landing on extremely large ingests.
___

### 1.6.5 (Mar 28, 2022)
GUI
 * Configuration for 'Demo mode' is now wired up
 * Alerts generated by demo mode are noted as such.
 * Alerts now render their entire text history (as alerts change or adjust while they are set, the messages for the alerts are expanded to show the new data motion).

Backend:
 * Support for demo mode.
___

### 1.6.3 (Mar 23, 2022)
GUI
 * A change to the alerts display to show _active_ alerts that are older than the current time window displayed.

Backend:
 * Some internal changes to improve clustering performance.
 * Fixed an issue that could cause alert processing to generate alerts during data ingest.
___

### 1.6.1 (Mar 17, 2022)
GUI:
 * Fixed bug with multiple pipeline contexts and displaying the names properly in the BigQuery wizard.
 * Fixed a bug that could cause incorrect error messages to appear on pipeline processing when GC was scrubbing old data caches.
 * Show current pivot schema configuration when it exists on a watchpoint.
 * Show a warning when viewing an empty watchpoint instead of the mysterious blank screen.
 * Improve feedback when forking and deleting watchpoints.

Backend:
 * Handle an issue with no new data and concluding the data ingest with pivot schemas.
___

### 1.6.0 (Mar 14, 2022)
Pivot Schemas:
 * Provide "pivot schema" configuration to virtualize schemas monitored by Validator based on categorical values.

GUI:
 * Fork a watchpoint to start a new context, separate from the old history, without giving up the old data.

Backend:
 * Fixed a major garbage collection bug where it wasn't collecting everything it was supposed to.
 * Some small bug fixes.
 * Numerous "behind the scenes" improvements in fastcols processing and reliability.

___

### 1.5.0 (Mar 3, 2022)
Alerts:
* Improved alert wording, clarifying many aspects of the alerts.
* Significant improvements to alert thresholding and sensitivity to noise.
* Fixed bugs with duplicate data detection.

GUI:
* Fixed sankey schema rendering bug when rendering an "empty time" period.
* Fixed a number of bugs and error paths with the BigQuery wizard.
* Fixed a number of small nits.

Backend:
* Improved logging from fastcols processing.
* Implemented multi-streaming for watchpoints, enabling multiple concurrent streams into a single endpoint.
* Implemented timeout configuration for watchpoints (and associated GUI).
* Improved time to detect new data for trial installations.
___

### 1.4.6 (Feb 17, 2022)
GUI:
* Fix schema bubble sizing to start its scale at 0, so the bubbles are more clearly comparable.
* Fix bug with week-over-week alert configuration.
* Fix context/stage label mismatch on watchpoints.

Backend:
* Adjust garbage collection behavior.
___

### 1.4.2 (Feb 12, 2022)
GUI:
* New dashboard page providing a summary of all watchpoints.
* New free trial welcome panel.
* Fixed cohesion graph rendering issues, especially when cohesion is very tight.

Backend:
* Enhanced automatic internal state backups
* Push connector errors up to alerts/GUI (mostly an issue with FastCols-enabled connectors).
___

### 1.4.0 (Jan 25, 2022)
GUI:
* Add archive pipeline UI and backend support.
* Fixed location of alert icons on watchpoint view.
* Added tooltip to alert icons.

Instant Training:
* Enhanced events and alerts support with Instant Training.
* Improve alerts display for the displayed time period on the main watchpoint view.
* Add Instant Training support to BigQuery built-in connector.

Backend:
* Garbage collection for data caches.
* Fixed bug in clearing events/alerts that was over aggressive in updating cleared timestamps.
* Fix alerts when no pipeline activity.
* Fix a "data tearing" issue when collapsing sessions with certain types of sparse data.
* Improve error reporting when things go wrong from built-in BigQuery connector.


_Older release notes are archived; available upon request._
